stream recap 6 oct (#146)
jjon-saxton/yaya-world: content/en/news/2025/stream-recap-6-oct.org

#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/arbmSgqV44Y?si=9CHkEKHXnuST8UyA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
** Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni
First VN and it was a bit of an interesting stream. Had lots of fun chatting with everyone and going through the story. I think we made some good progress too. Got through the first two chapters and met a good amount of characters. It was fun!
#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P-A83mSNmlI?si=c18IJ-KKnb4YdLj5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
* Next Week

> [[https://www.twitch.tv/yayoi_chi][Twitch]] and the [[https://www.youtube.com/@yayoi-chi][YouTube Channel]] will be continuing the spooky month streams. I'll be returning to Hollow Knigh, DOOM 3, and Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni, but I have also be starting Little Nightmares. Also, I can feel the seals weakening! Will Ghost Cat return this week?

Reviewer: missing 't' in knight, will also instead of have also? Also, also is redundent!
```suggestion
[[https://www.twitch.tv/yayoi_chi][Twitch]] and the [[https://www.youtube.com/@yayoi-chi][YouTube Channel]] will be continuing the spooky month streams. I'll be returning to Hollow Knight, DOOM 3, and Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni, but I will also be starting Little Nightmares. I can feel the seals weakening! Will Ghost Cat return this week?
```
